To Whom It May Concern:

I am pleased to write this letter of recommendation on behalf of Mr. John Smith. As an Assistant Professor in the Department of Information Communication and Technology at Goodwell University, I instructed Mr. Smith in several classes. He proved to be a capable and motivated student with all of the qualities necessary to pursue further studies in a master’s program.

I instructed Mr. Smith in Management Information System (MIS), Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), Material Requirements Planning (MRP), and Manufacturing Resource Planning (MRPII). In studying information systems and the integration of processes and applications, Mr. Smith displayed impressive analytical skills and a keen intellect. His work in class was consistently completed on time, and he participated in class with valuable contributions. I also taught him about databases and computer programming languages, and in my experience with him, he was able to grasp complex ideas with ease. He displayed a rigorous intellect during his undergraduate studies, and I can thus confidently recommend him for entrance to your master’s program, as I feel that he will continue to perform at this high level.

As Mr. Smith hopes to pursue a master’s degree in Management, I feel that his undergraduate experience will aid him greatly in this goal. His studies in the aforementioned classes required a firm grasp of many of the skills and aspects that are essential to management, such as planning, integration, and the consideration of multiple factors in making sound decisions. He proved adept and ambitious in our department, and I expect him to continue to excel in your institution.

In brief, Mr. Smith is a highly motivated student with an intellect and a background that have prepared him well for the challenges of pursuing a master’s degree in your institution. I see no reason that he will be anything other than an excellent addition to your school, and I therefore recommend him without reservation.

Sincerely,

Linda Johnson
Assistant Professor,
Department of Information Technology and Communication
Goodwell University